Hi, my name is Sacha Koumbias.
I'm the principal of River Valley
Middle School.
I wanted to share with you,
a little bit about River Valley’s
school wide meetings.
Each week we have a school wide meeting.
It's held on teens.
We do it on Wednesdays during enrichment.
Our meetings are a way to build community
and to connect our students
and to give them a sense of belonging.
Our school meetings
feature different features each week.
So some of the favorites are,
parts of River Valley
and, we have a little raider
that we hide around the school,
the Raiders, our mascot.
And so the kids try to find the Raider
all week.
And then the winner is announced
during our school wide meetings.
We draw ballots for our Raiders ballots,
and that's an incentive program.
We have to reinforce good behavior.
We talk about our Raider values, and,
we'll have a little activity or a mini
lesson based on those Raider values.
And we celebrate things
that the kids are doing really well.
So if someone has won something out
in the community, we'll talk about that.
Sometimes we feature a student
for a bus award, so the bus
drivers will nominate students
who've been really respectful on the bus.
And, they'll give me their name and
we will recognize them during the meeting.
At the beginning of each meeting,
we reestablish
our norms and we talk about
why we having the meeting.
So we talk about the meeting
being, a way to connect, to
bring us together as a team to celebrate,
to give us things to work on.
And we talk about our, our, our values.
So one thing I've learned from
this project is that the meeting
brings us together.
It creates unity and connection.
And so we're all receiving
the same message at the same time.
We're all celebrating the same things
at the same time.
And we really feel that there's
like a real sense of community
since we've begun these projects
that we do together as a school.
I think one thing that I have learned
is that you need to try
to make them as interactive as possible,
because they are 30 minutes long
and you don't want to just listen to me
speak for 30 minutes.
So we try to make them
as interactive as possible.
So some of the things that we do
maybe like go do this in your class,
come back in five minutes and report back
what you've done.
So there's activities that
they'll do in class and then report back.
So making it as interactive as possible
and getting as many voices
involved as possible.
So one of the features that we do
is, a wellness tip each week.
And our guidance counselor
will take care of that.
So having different staff
members and students present
is, really impactful.
And, I think looking forward to next
year, I would like to have
more student voice and more students
running the majority of our meetings.
I think the kids are really connected
to us as an administration,
because throughout the week,
as I encounter students,
they'll talk to me about things
that have happened or have been said
during the school wide meeting.
And I think that the kids
really see what we value
because we value it
enough to talk about it.
During the school wide meeting.
And so when I say something
about being grateful
because that was one of our our values,
they'll make little comments to me during
the week, like all I was grateful for.
And I can see that
there was impact because I could see that
it was important to me and to the staff.
And I think that that's a nice
little connection to have with the kids.
I start as an administrator.
It was a great way for me to really embed
certain things into our culture.
So I have the opportunity to model
the values each week.
So as an example,
this month has been a responsibility.
That's our our our value.
And I am able to organize activities
for the classes about responsibility.
And so it's a good way for me
to be an instructional leader
as well on the building
and to value and to, model
some of those good practices as well,
just not just for our students,
but for our staff.